Monitor JobJob Responsibility (JR)The department's OIC writes one JR for the entire department.Updates are made once a month and uploaded to WeDrive by the 31st of each month. (If there are special circumstances or requirements, such as staff resignations or new hires, the JR should be updated promptly and uploaded to WeDrive.)Mary Joyce checks the updates on WeDrive on the 1st of each month.For resigned employees, do not remove their names. Instead, highlight them in grey.Weekly To do List (OICs)The OICs will list the assigned weekly tasks for their members on Smartsheet every FridayThe OICs must send the Weekly To-Do list to their group chat every MondayThe OICs and members need to update the progress and remarks for each task.On Friday afternoon, OICs must check their members' Weekly To-Do Lists and notify those who did not update.CalendarEmployees fill out their calendars daily.Department OICs review and provide comments weekly.Mary Joyce conducts a random check once a month.Work PlanEmployees draft their own work plans when there are new tasks or projects. The draft is reviewed and commented on by the department OIC.All employee work plans must be reviewed and updated monthly by the 1st of each month and uploaded to WeDrive. Mary Joyce checks them on WeDrive by the 5th of each month.If employees have new ideas or adjustments for a specific work plan, or if a supervisor or others request changes, the work plan should be updated promptly, and the latest version uploaded to WeDrive to replace the old version.Monthly KPI CalculationEach employee completes their KPI form by the 5th of each month and submits it to the department OIC.The department OIC reviews and consolidates the KPIs into a single document and submits it to Mary Joyce.Mary Joyce sends the consolidated KPI document via email to the COO and GM.4.For resigned employees, do not remove their names. Instead, highlight them in grey.Monthly Work ReflectionEach employee writes a work reflection by the 5th of each month and submits it to the department OIC.The monthly reflection must be one page long and specific.The department OIC reviews the reflections, suggests improvements, and forwards them to Mary JoyceMary Joyce sends the reflections via email to the COO and GM.Performance EvaluationThe quarterly performance evaluation will be conducted four times a year, with the assessment periods and completion deadlines as follows:First Evaluation (January, February, March): To be completed by April 10Second Evaluation (April, May, June): To be completed by July 10Third Evaluation (July, August, September): To be completed by October 10Fourth Evaluation (October, November, December): To be completed by January 10Goal Link (To Begin Upon Creation)Relevant personnel update the goal link based on business needs at any time.Project leaders update progress every Friday.Related personnel update their progress every Friday.Mary Joyce checks the updates every Monday.TemplatesJob Responsibility (JR)Job List (JL)Work PlanKPI FormMonthly Work ReflectionPerformance Evaluation | Monitor JobJob Responsibility (JR)是部门OIC写，1个部门1份每月更新1次，在每月31日更新上传至WeDrive。（如遇特殊情况及要求就及时更新，例如有员工离职，新员工加入等，及时更新后上传至WeDrive）Mary Joyce每月1日去WeDrive检查。Weekly To do List (OICs)每周五，OIC将在 Smartsheet 上列出分配给其成员的每周任务。OIC 必须在每周一将每周待办事项清单发送到他们的群聊中。OIC 和成员需要更新每项任务的进展和备注。Calendar 员工每天填写部门OIC每周检查给批注Mary Joyce 每月抽查1次Work Plan 员工自己写（有新任务及项目就要先写Work Plan），写完给部门OIC检查给建议及评论2.员工全部的Work Plan要求每月1日检查更新1次，上传至We Drive。Mary Joyce每月5日去WeDrive检查。3、员工如针对某个Work Plan有新的想法要补充更改，或者主管其他人要求更改，则特殊及时更新处理，最新版本立刻上传We Drive，替换旧的版本。Month KPI Calculation员工每月5日填写一次，1个员工1分，交给部门OIC部门OIC检查并整合到1分表格中，再交给Mary Joyce.Mary Joyce邮件发给COO和GMMonthly Work Reflection每位员工需在每月5日前完成工作反思，并提交给部门负责人。每月反思需具体明确，篇幅为一页。部门负责人审核反思，提出改进建议，并将其转交给Mary Joyce。Mary Joyce通过邮件将反思发送给COO和总经理。Performance Evaluation 每年4次，分别是：3月 Form6月 Form+ 1对1 meeting9月 Form12月 Form+1对1meetingGoal Link（创建之后开始）相关人员随时根据业务情况填写更新项目负责人每周五进行进展更新关联人每周五进行进行更新Mary Joyce每周一检查一次Template：JRJLWork PlanKPI FormMonthly Work ReflectPerformance Evaluation
